Hi welcome back my dear student in this lecture here we need to set a default user right here.
So when we say let's say for example we see this specific post we display that for the user right here.
All right.
So we could do these many different ways.
Very easy way of doing this would be to go to the EDID on the score of course and grab the echo right
and just put it right here put up the HP tag and Echo they're safe come back here.
Actually what am I doing.
All right.
Now explain that we need to echo it.
We need to find the user from somewhere else.
The user name will be will display and everything from categories
user name if post update.
Now we got to selected from this guy right here.
Paul's user right.
So it is available in the while loop right there.
We're going to come here
and call it out right here.
User
safe
center.
Now we see that it is selected there.
So now let's say for example we changed this to Pete.
This is the easy way of doing that.
Now we could actually make in many different ways.
You see right now it says Pete and we go here he says Pete also.
All right.
So that's the easy way of doing that.
All if you're interested in some other ways let me know and I will make a lecture Right.
So now what's next.
Well you got to go to your home site.
Your front page here and you can notice that we are actually displaying here the user name while the
other name in this case or this ads on old posts.
So if I go to my last page right here you can see that I'm displaying nothing right here and nothing
right here nothing right here and that's only one that I got.
The reason why not display anything because it's not detecting the user it's not pulling the user's
pulling out all the order only.
All right.
So we need to update that so that way these plays they use is very simple actually.
If you go to your end it's and right here
right you can see that we're pulling out the poles altar instead of putting other pozole that are you
pull out the polls user safe and you can leave this like this if you like.
So that way you don't have to go crazy on updating everything here on this page.
All right.
So make sure that everywhere you need you're pulling out information from the database.
You update this post a user.
I'm going to leave the same variable so that way I don't go crazy changing all this.
So if I come here and I see a refresh.
Now everything here right is going to be empty.
Cept the user click on the array.
The user is not going to see anything here.
The reason is because he doesn't find it right.
So we need to go to all the polls show you right now instead of same post although we say polls are
user safe and here pose a user safe.
Come back here refresh.
And now you got that by that user.
You go everything by the user.
Beautiful right.
That's just doing minimal work.
You can go ahead.
And if you one yourself you can change all the variables in everything.
Does this post alter for Polsce user if it makes more sense to you.
I'm showing you a different way of you know with minimal effort to do it.
All right.
So I'm going to be leading a lot of my polls here since they are made by older folks authors right.
And we have users now making that all right.
So we don't have to worry about that.
All right we've got comments here.
I'm going to be making some new lectures.
Also grading our CMOS and making him more events.
So keep tuned for that.
Thank you so much for allowing me to teach this course.
If you have not given me a review and you'd think this course is awesome Please take one minute really
helps me a lot and it keeps me motivated to make more lectures for you guys.
All right.
This is what I see in the morning when I wake up.
If I see a good review it gets me motivated.
If I see a good message you know a thumbs up or maybe something on Facebook make sure that you are subscribed
to the Facebook group for this course which is really awesome because I answer a lot faster than what
I'm answering right now.
If you post something on day udy me or anywhere you are a platform.
All right since platform sometimes LAXON sending me notifications so that's where I could take hours.
But if you post posted on Facebook or send me an email I can't answer you really fast.
Thank you again and I'll see you in the next lectures